https://codepen.io/rsmith1/pen/GRgJeVw?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is markup that gives meaning to your webpage.

2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is used to structure your webpage.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes are additional information about an HTML element, you put the attribute on to the element.


4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is used to show the most important heading on a webpage, it is generally good practice to use it only once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The a tag and img tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
A title tag and meta tags are usually put in the head of a document.

7. What is an id?
An id is unique id for a HTML element.

8. What elements can I add an id to?
The id tag can go on most html elements.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
You can only use the id tag only once.

10. What is a class?
A css selector to select an element to style.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
You can add class to most html elements.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
You can use the css class as many time as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
To open a link to a new tab add target="_blank" to anchor tag.

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
The alt attribute is used for image to give a description.

15. How do I reference an id?
To reference an id you use the # symbol.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is use to show different parts of the page, while div is a general tag that can be used for styling.

17. What is CSS used for?
CSS is used to style a page.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
To select an element put the element name with open brackets and add styles.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class you can use on multiple elements, and id only on one element, you use class when you want to style a group of elements that need same style, you use id usually with javascript to select an element to manipulate.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You use dot(.) with name of the class

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

.human {

}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
The parent child selector is used to specify a parent element and its child elements, its useful so

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a

24. What is a pseudo selector?
A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Using the line-height property.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Using the letter-spacing property.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercases;


28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black

29. How do I select everything on the page?
using the * selector

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
by using  /* and end it with */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
by using pwd command

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Using the ls command

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
using the rm command, you can delete important system files so you have to be careful

34. Why should I use version control?
to manage your code, and have other people also work on it

35. How often should I commit to github?
When you have made changes to a file

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin firstname-lastname

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
1. fork repo
2. add TL as a collaborator
3. clone repo
4. create a new branch with firstname-lastname
5. Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch
6. Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request
